Link enrol multisig support (#134)
nemtech/symbol-bootstrap: docs/link.md

  $ symbol-bootstrap link

OPTIONS
  -h, --help              It shows the help of this command.
  -t, --target=target     [default: target] The target folder where the symbol-bootstrap network is generated
  -u, --url=url           [default: http://localhost:3000] the network url

  --maxFee=maxFee         the max fee used when announcing (absolute). The node min multiplier will be used if it is not
                          provided.

  --unlink                Perform "Unlink" transactions unlinking the voting and VRF keys from the node signer account

>   --useKnownRestGateways  Use the best NGL known node when announcing. Otherwise the command will use the --url provided
>                           host.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  --useKnownRestGateways  Use the best NEM node available when announcing. Otherwise the command will use the node provided
                          by the --url parameter.
```
